But she’s about to die
Where?
Dōng Hǎi Prison
Go!
Let me go
Little slut
Don’t get too full of yourself
Here, I’m the king
I’m the sky
As long as you behave
And serve me well
You can live a few more days
Let me go
Hurry, speed up
Come here and massage me
Let me go
Don’t touch me
Dōng Hǎi Private Prison
If you don’t want to die, get out of my way
Dare to talk to me like that?
Do you know where this is?
Tell Bǎo Hào Huá to come out
Our warden
Is busy having fun
Let me tell you the truth
You shouldn’t, absolutely shouldn’t
Offend Young Master Fù
I advise you to follow me now
You might live a few more days
Otherwise, every part of your body
Will be traded for money
Let me go
Get lost
Conscience and justice, Lǐ Mù
Anyone who harms Ruò Yǔ
Must die